# The Significance of the Timing of FBI Director Christopher Wray’s Announced Departure

First I’d like to apologize to Director Wray for any trouble this situation has caused him.

FBI Director Wray announced last Wednesday he was to leave his post at the start of the Trump administration. This is significant of course because with the FVRA, the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, this allows incoming President Trump to promote whomever he wishes within the FBI to the Director role without having to wait for confirmation of his preferred leader, Kash Patel. However, Director Wray also announced his resignation mere hours after I made a video pointing out the Lesser Known Rashida Jones, President of MSNBC, was in my hometown of Montclair NJ accepting an award at the local university, Montclair State - I do not believe this timing is significant, and I think it has something to do with the digital record keeping of the NCIC (National Criminal Information Center), particularly it’s car theft database, and the records kept of whom accesses it’s data and when. I believe Director Wray announced his departure to avoid any appearance of blocking or otherwise concealing an investigation which, prior to incoming President Trump’s recent victory, was likely to not be prosecuted by Democrat Attorney General Merrick Garland, and Wray’s announced departure signifies there is a high likelihood the next administration has intentions to investigate and prosecute NBC’s involvement in possibly suborning a perjury for the purpose of coordinating criminal medical malpractice, and more. Unfortunately, if this is true, NBC’s motive for criminality would be hard to separate from the reality that they constructed the lies to woo over the celebrities whom bore witness to much of this, leaving many of you famous types with a difficult choice of managing the truth.

First, and most simply, is the reality that Director Wray is stepping down before his term is over at the start of the Trump administration. This disallows the current Biden administration to choose a replacement and allows the Trump administration to do so as soon as they take over. This creates an avenue for incoming President Trump to choose anyone he sees as fit to be an interim director while awaiting the confirmation of Kash Patel, creating no blocks from a Trump led FBI to begin investigations as they see fit. I believe Wray made the choice to leave to make it absolutely clear in the future he had no partisan or other form of interest in blocking the FBI from doing the right thing. What is interesting to me and you, is that Director Wray made this choice hours after I pointed out the Lesser Known Rashida Jones, President of MSNBC, was in my hometown of Montclair NJ accepting an award in October 2022, and presumably weeks before a false claim was made about me in a sealed California divorce court hearing.

I think this timing is significant and influenced Wray’s decision to announce his departure as close as possible to my video’s published date, as it may be used to justify a warrant for the FBI to look into the access records for the NCIC’s car theft database. The NCIC, or the National Criminal Information Center, holds a database of all car thefts in the country which can be accessed by law enforcement agencies of all levels, including the Montclair Police Department, and creates digital logs of whom accesses what. The NCIC and the database is managed by the FBI itself. If it can be proven that details of my parent’s stolen car in 2002 were accessed by the Montclair Police Department near the timing of the Lesser Known Rashida Jones’ visit to Montclair State in October 2022, the NCIC access logs would allow the FBI to know what law enforcement agency and officer accessed this information, allowing them to ask for details as to why, possibly proving that someone within NBC if not the Lesser Known Rashida Jones herself knew about the car theft. If it can be proven that NBC knew about the car theft before the false claim, and thus knew it was provably false via the car theft, yet still coordinated with Columbia University to film medical research, then it can be proven NBC knowingly coordinated medical malpractice by encouraging a false diagnosis which heavily relied on the claim, and knowingly coordinated criminal medical malpractice by using this lie to encourage Columbia University to seek a loophole around doing this medical research without asking for my consent. Furthermore, it can allow the FBI to question my sibling and give them an opportunity to admit that someone asked them to perjure themselves, proving that someone - likely someone at NBC - suborned a perjury.

If this is all provable to be true, it may seem blatant on the part of NBC to coordinate crimes while leaving a digital paper trail. I believe they felt confident that current Democrat AG Merrick Garland, for various reasons, would decline any FBI investigation that could lead to a prosecution of a Democratic sympathetic news station like MSNBC, whose former parent organization of NBC has a General Counsel with deep dies to the Democratic Party, particularly President Biden’s former boss former President Barack Obama. Due to the events of May 2022 and January 2023, the FBI has reason to investigate me and keep doing so as they see fit without the current Attorney General’s guidance, though they cannot convince current AG Garland to prosecute if he doesn’t agree. However, in a little over a month, Donald Trump starts his second term as President and will install a new Attorney General, likely former Florida AG Pam Bondi. I believe Director Wray feels strongly the incoming administration will look into MSNBC’s crimes, and the video I made, presumably while still under an open FBI investigation, can be used to justify a warrant to look into the NCIC access logs, and this will provide enough evidence to catch MSNBC “red handed.” I think Wray knows there is little to do but avoid the appearance of wishing to hide the crimes which occurred during his tenure, and as a result, chose to step down hours after I made the video which could allow the FBI to validate my claims as I more than likely am under some scrutiny by them already.

Which brings my current audiences to a choice - how to handle the truth should it come to light? For NBC, I think it’s ridiculous you’ve continued this situation which only has aggravated me into researching it further such that it gives the FBI an easier avenue to justify investigation into you - for that, I have one thing to say: congrats! For the incoming Trump DOJ, while I may not agree with your administration entirely in terms of political stances, I welcome an exposure of what actually went on here to prevent it from ever happening to anyone else again with complete disrespect to politics, as is the purpose of prosecuting such crimes and bringing them to national attention. For all you celebrities - you may not have a choice as to whether this gets exposed but only how - it is highly unlikely you will be seen as accessories to crimes no matter how many times you’ve watched me naked in the shower, which, by the way, might make you more like a bunch of Feds that not. Please do not let your shame in participating in some of the more lewd aspects of this affair, which are not necessary to any DOJ prosecution, to disallow you from shining a light on the criminality that occurred and allowed the Democratic Party and Liberal Media to abandon their service to this country and their voters or customers respectively. Understand your voices as celebrities will help heal the party, the media to which you participate in as an industry, and the deep divides within the country itself as we can all share a common ground: yes the liberal media lies, but only as a side affect of their lack of professional discipline.

Once again, to any personal difficulty this writing brings to Director Christopher Wray, I apologize, and one day I hope to get to ask you if I can call you “Wray-Guns,” with all the affection implied. I will of course only do so should you consent to it.
